README.md, before:

# CRT Flash Back Machine
## Description:  


Ever wish you could go back in time to the "good-old-days" of tube TV's, predetermined television programming and unskippable commercials? CRT Flash Back Machine is designed to fill this empty void, and hit you with a healthy dose of nostalgia! View hundreds of vintage programming from the past century on your favorite old CRT television! Sit back and let the good times roll!

## Instructions
This program is specifically designed for (and quite literally dependent on) the use of a standard definition tube TV set. Running this app on anything but a SD screen will result in the exposure of its deception! It is recommened to run this program on a device such as the Raspberry Pi, but the minimum requirements are:

- device capable of playing videos in a web browser.
- device capable of 480i/p video-out and a compatible screen

Furthermore, and most importantly, you MUST configure your browser to allow autoPlay. Due to the nature of this program, there is no user input to initiate the video player. The ultimate expiriance is had with a dedicated device that automattically boots into a web borwser with this program as its home page,which is why a linux based hobby computer is the best choice.

## features

- Generates random video from slected playlist (channel)
- Saves epsiodes that the user has watched for at least 10min so they dont repeat
- Can be controlled entirely by number keypad, allowing for use of wireless keypad as a simple remote
- Refreshing the page generates a new episode
- Added support for Air Mouse Remote MX3 Pro usb PC remote

## Controls
| Key  |Action   |
| ------------ | ------------ |
|  + PgUp |   Channel Up |
|  - PgDwn|  Channel Down  |
| Number 0-9  |  Enter a channel  |
|  F5 | Reload Page for new random show  |
|  . , | Display/Hide list of channels  |
|  *  |Vol+|
|  / |Vol-|

## System Controls
|While channel list is open| |
|---------------|---------------|
|Input 99| Clears the memory of the current channel|
|Input 98| Clears all channel memory|  
|Up/Down| Increase/Decrease Overscan|
|Left/Righ| Horizontal Shift|

Note: Memory contains all previously watched episodes which are excluded when genrating random episodes.  
The memory resets automatically when all episodes in a channel have been viewed

## [link](https://chriskurz098.github.io/80sGameshowPlayer/)

Commit message:

Added channels and Skip episode button

README.md, after:

# CRT Flash Back Machine
## Description:  


Ever wish you could go back in time to the "good-old-days" of tube TV's, predetermined television programming and unskippable commercials? CRT Flash Back Machine is designed to fill this empty void, and hit you with a healthy dose of nostalgia! View hundreds of vintage programming from the past century on your favorite old CRT television! Sit back and let the good times roll!

## Instructions
This program is specifically designed for (and quite literally dependent on) the use of a standard definition tube TV set. Running this app on anything but a SD screen will result in the exposure of its deception! It is recommened to run this program on a device such as the Raspberry Pi, but the minimum requirements are:

- device capable of playing videos in a web browser.
- device capable of 480i/p video-out and a compatible screen

Furthermore, and most importantly, you MUST configure your browser to allow autoPlay. Due to the nature of this program, there is no user input to initiate the video player. The ultimate expiriance is had with a dedicated device that automattically boots into a web borwser with this program as its home page,which is why a linux based hobby computer is the best choice.

## features

- Generates random video from slected playlist (channel)
- Saves epsiodes that the user has watched for at least 10min so they dont repeat
- Can be controlled entirely by number keypad, allowing for use of wireless keypad as a simple remote
- Refreshing the page generates a new episode
- -NEW- Added mapping support for Air Mouse Remote MX3 Pro usb PC remote
- -NEW- Added controls overscan and horizintal shift
- -NEW- Can now skip episode and remove it from random selection

## Controls
| Key  |Action   |
| ------------ | ------------ |
|  + PgUp |   Channel Up |
|  - PgDwn|  Channel Down  |
| Number 0-9  |  Enter a channel  |
|  *  |Vol+|
|  / |Vol-|
|  . , | Display/Hide list of channels  |
|  F5 | Reload Page for new random show  |
|End| Skip episode forever|



## System Controls
|While channel list is open| |
|---------------|---------------|
|Input 99| Clears the Memory of the Current Channel|
|Input 98| Clears all Channel Memory|  
|Up/Down| Increase/Decrease Overscan|
|Left/Righ| Horizontal Shift|

Note: Memory contains all previously watched episodes which are excluded when genrating random episodes.  
The memory resets automatically when all episodes in a channel have been viewed

## [link](https://chriskurz098.github.io/80sGameshowPlayer/)
